sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/mvp/MvpView.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.mvp.MvpView
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovinBannerAdJob.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinBannerAdJob
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinBannerAdJob$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/promptlibrary/PromptDialog.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptDialog
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptDialog$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptDialog$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptDialog$3
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptDialog$4
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptDialog$5
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/textCh/LinkMovementMethod.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.textCh.LinkMovementMethod
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/EncryptStrBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.EncryptStrBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/promptlibrary/PromptButtonListener.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptButtonListener
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/ImmersionOwner.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionOwner
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaAdSdkUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaAdSdkUtils
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaAdSdkUtils$ScriptCodeRunnable
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/goPage/GoPageInfo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.goPage.GoPageInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/GameNameDataTitle.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.GameNameDataTitle
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/my/fragment/MyFragment.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.my.fragment.MyFragment
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.my.fragment.MyFragment$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.my.fragment.MyFragment$2
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/home/model/MainBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.model.MainBean
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.model.MainBean$UserBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/impl/OppoNotchScreen.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.impl.OppoNotchScreen
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/base/BaseFragment.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.base.BaseFragment
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/ShareConfigBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.ShareConfigBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/INotchScreen.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.INotchScreen
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.INotchScreen$HasNotchCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.INotchScreen$NotchScreenCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.INotchScreen$NotchScreenInfo
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.INotchScreen$NotchSizeCallback
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/utils/RomUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.utils.RomUtils
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.utils.RomUtils$RomInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/callback/TGACallback.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$CodeCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$FightGameCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$GameCenterCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$LangCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$OutLoginCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$ShareCallback
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$TgaEventListener
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.callback.TGACallback$initCallback
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovingAdPlacementType.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdPlacementType
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/SimpleImmersionProxy.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.SimpleImmersionProxy
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/GameinfoBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.GameinfoBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/impl/MiNotchScreen.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.impl.MiNotchScreen
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/base/SimpleResponse.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.base.SimpleResponse
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/AdConfigBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.AdConfigBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/GameListInfoBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.GameListInfoBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/ToastUtil.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.ToastUtil
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/BuildConfig.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.BuildConfig
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/BarConfig.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.BarConfig
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/SdkX5WebView.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.SdkX5WebView
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.SdkX5WebView$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/promptlibrary/OnAdClickListener.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.OnAdClickListener
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/KeyboardStateObserver.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.KeyboardStateObserver
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.KeyboardStateObserver$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.KeyboardStateObserver$OnKeyboardVisibilityListener
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/conctart/SdkActivityDele.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.conctart.SdkActivityDele
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/PriceBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.PriceBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/ImmersionProxy.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionProxy
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovinApiBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinApiBean
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinApiBean$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinApiBean$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinApiBean$3
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinApiBean$4
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/ScreenUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.ScreenUtils
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/textCh/LinkClickListener.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.textCh.LinkClickListener
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaEventBaseInfo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaEventBaseInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/AppConfig.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.AppConfig
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/base/HttpBaseResult.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.base.HttpBaseResult
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/mvp/MvpPresenter.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.mvp.MvpPresenter
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/textCh/LinkMovementMethodEx.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.textCh.LinkMovementMethodEx
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/SimpleImmersionFragment.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.SimpleImmersionFragment
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/impl/AndroidPNotchScreen.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.impl.AndroidPNotchScreen
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.impl.AndroidPNotchScreen$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/promptlibrary/PromptView.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptView
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptView$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptView$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptView$3
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptView$4
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaAdType.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaAdType
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/OnKeyboardListener.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.OnKeyboardListener
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/base/JsonConvertor.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.base.JsonConvertor
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tpsdk/TgaTpBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tpsdk.TgaTpBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovingAdErrorEvent.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdErrorEvent
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovingAdUnit.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdUnit
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/conctart/Conctant.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.conctart.Conctant
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/home/HomeActivity.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.HomeActivity
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.HomeActivity$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.HomeActivity$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.HomeActivity$3
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.HomeActivity$4
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.HomeActivity$5
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/FlymeOSStatusBarFontUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.FlymeOSStatusBarFontUtils
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/NotchScreenManager.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.NotchScreenManager
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.NotchScreenManager$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/my/fragment/MyJavaScripface.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.my.fragment.MyJavaScripface
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/NoScrollViewPager.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.NoScrollViewPager
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaAdSdkEventData.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaAdSdkEventData
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/BipGameUserInfo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.BipGameUserInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/global/AppUrl.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.global.AppUrl
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/WebViewGameActivity.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity$3
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity$4
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity$5
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.WebViewGameActivity$6
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/base/JsonConvert.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.base.JsonConvert
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/banner/AppLovinAdPlacementConfig.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.banner.AppLovinAdPlacementConfig
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/home/model/RegisterBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.model.RegisterBean
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.model.RegisterBean$UserInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/base/JsonCallback.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.base.JsonCallback
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/goPage/GoPageUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.goPage.GoPageUtils
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.goPage.GoPageUtils$ScriptCodeRunnable
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/PayConfigBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.PayConfigBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaSdkException.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaSdkException
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/global/Global.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.global.Global
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/MyWebView.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.MyWebView
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.MyWebView$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/mvp/MvpFragment.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.mvp.MvpFragment
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/textCh/NoUnderlineSpan.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.textCh.NoUnderlineSpan
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/ShareBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.ShareBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/JavaScriptinterface.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.JavaScriptinterface
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.JavaScriptinterface$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovinAdLoadCallback.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovinAdLoadCallback
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/promptlibrary/PromptButton.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.PromptButton
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/OSUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.OSUtils
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaJsonSample.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaJsonSample
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/impl/HuaweiNotchScreen.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.impl.HuaweiNotchScreen
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/Conctart.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.Conctart
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/TgaSdk.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.TgaSdk
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.TgaSdk$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.TgaSdk$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.TgaSdk$3
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.TgaSdk$4
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.TgaSdk$5
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/banner/AdConfigUtlis.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.banner.AdConfigUtlis
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.banner.AdConfigUtlis$ScriptCodeRunnable
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/BipGameUserUser.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.BipGameUserUser
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/BarParams.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.BarParams
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/OSUtil.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.OSUtil
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.OSUtil$BuildProperties
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/UserInFoBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.UserInFoBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/CustomSpannableString.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.CustomSpannableString
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/SpUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.SpUtils
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.SpUtils$1
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/AppUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.AppUtils
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/login/LoginCallblackInfo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.login.LoginCallblackInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/SimpleImmersionOwner.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.SimpleImmersionOwner
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaSdkEventDataBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaSdkEventDataBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/ImmersionFragment.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionFragment
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/LollipopFixedWebView.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.LollipopFixedWebView
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/Convert.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.Convert
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.Convert$GsonHolder
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/login/LoginUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.login.LoginUtils
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.login.LoginUtils$ScriptCodeRunnable
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaSdkEmptyJsonEntity.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaSdkEmptyJsonEntity
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovingAdJob.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdJob
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdJob$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdJob$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdJob$3
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/applovin/ApplovingAdInfo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.applovin.ApplovingAdInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/utils/SharedPreferencesUtil.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.utils.SharedPreferencesUtil
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaApiBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaApiBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/NotchUtils.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.NotchUtils
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/FitsKeyboard.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.FitsKeyboard
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/GooglePayInfo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.GooglePayInfo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/promptlibrary/Builder.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.promptlibrary.Builder
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/home/fragment/HomeFragment.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.fragment.HomeFragment
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.fragment.HomeFragment$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.fragment.HomeFragment$2
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/adsdk/TgaSdkJsonEntity.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.adsdk.TgaSdkJsonEntity
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/ImmersionBar.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionBar
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionBar$1
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionBar$2
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.ImmersionBar$3
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/impl/VivoNotchScreen.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.impl.VivoNotchScreen
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/modle/GooglePayInfoBean.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.modle.GooglePayInfoBean
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/notchscreentool/utils/ScreenUtil.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.notchscreentool.utils.ScreenUtil
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/ui/home/model/TgaSdkUserInFo.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.ui.home.model.TgaSdkUserInFo
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/web/goPage/StatusaAndNavigationModel.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.goPage.StatusaAndNavigationModel
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.web.goPage.StatusaAndNavigationModel$NavigationBarModel
sg/just4fun/tgasdk/tga/view/immersionbar/BarHide.java
 sg.just4fun.tgasdk.tga.view.immersionbar.BarHide
